Oh incredible thank you for being here I
am obsessed with the show I'm obsessed
with you so you're on the show 90-day
fiance for people who haven't watched
the show can you explain it just briefly
I'm so excited
so 90-day fiance is a reality show about
people who fall in love with someone
from another country and in order to
come here you have to do the k1 visa
process and what that means is when they
land you have 90 days to Wed interesting
yeah so it's a pretty quick process so
you were on the show with your with your
now ex-husband Luis
yeah how did you end up on the show so
my bestie not like the rest II girl you
know they just signed you up for
everything
oh no what's like binge watching the
show and I had met Luis in the Dominican
Republic when I was on a girls trip and
two years prior basically and we were
going through this process and she calls
me and she's like don't kill me I'm like
what do you mean she goes well you know
I love the show 90 day if you don't say
I'm like what is that cuz I had just
started like trying to figure out how he
could come here so I knew nothing about
it she's like what at the end they say
if you know somebody who's found love in
another place when this is the show for
them and so she's like someone signed
you up and I'm like you did what she
said God they probably won't pick you me
anyways but and then they did yes they
did amazing so so Luis came out and
things went south
like fairly quickly right I think they
did yeah within what how long would you
say about a month and a half right into
the 90 days yeah and it's actually a
it's pretty surprising I think what it
is that actually makes this relationship
fall apart we actually have a clip to
explain it oh boy yeah you understand
that or you wanna on this thing
it's not making sense like he starts in
on me about the different types of decor
that I have in my house and that I have
owls and Buddha heads and like African
masks why do you have a lot of Buddha
here a lot of things whose candles the
worldwide and he's a known for smell
good but is it's not true that is
something bad here you're blaming an owl
with the candle on the fact that you
aren't to my kids because you have an
owl with a candle my question about that
is where can I get that candle girl you
got hurry get calm I guess okay you were
no longer living together he's still in
contact in any way no not at all he is
in another state with a new wife which
is what I think he had planned all along
oh yeah okay but that's okay no you have
so much more going for you like you have
your bestie who I believe is here
tonight yeah
[Applause]
thank you for bringing us all here
together it's truly a miracle is it the
two of you together to have a business
together it's not really yes you have a
lingerie business it is indeed LaVere a
lingerie the name is after both of our
daughters nicknames Olivia and rainy I
love that 13 years strong incredible
it's a love affair it's very easy for
you because I heard that you actually
have a bit of a superpower oh yeah yeah
hey which is next we're gonna be next to
each other so we're the FRA psychic
exactly bra psychic so I heard that you
could just look at someone's breasts can
I say that on television
I don't know it aloud anymore and you
can say what their bra size is uh-huh
okay so here you go well you're a 30 F
which is like a Triple D to G but that's
not what you're buying
no I'm you're buying like 34 DS holy
moly
okay is that what you buy yes okay see
you know why Wow because that's what
your option is and it's crazy to me that
all of the stylists for Hollywood and
across America
no one knows bra sizing no one get out
okay I have another curveball for you
what is the bra size of this
[Laughter]
this is taylor swift's in tax she's
about to say maybe a little smaller
she's closer to about addy are you
accounting for the fur yes okay just
making sure
oh we couldn't even account for that
like many ways okay so what's a common
misconception with bra size in America
women have been sold and injustice for
years due to a national retailer that
has billions of dollars of marketing and
if you really look at the women in
America I mean we like to eat mac and
cheese girl and we're bread you know to
have some bullying especially in Georgia
you know that we've been sold an option
of 12 sizes and so no one's really in a
B C or D really and so at our store we
go all the way to an in oh my gosh the
Bravo that goes to an end people you're
welcome
[Music]
[Applause]
90-day fiance pillowtop airs Sundays on
TLC Molly Hopkins everyone I am Jimmy
Kimmel give back this holiday season by
my new book the serious goose I wrote it
and illustrated it all the money I make
those two children's hospitals across
the country so you know what to do